[Music]
that they have agreed not because of the
personal fact that it was Rocío Carrasco
if it had been you I would have given you another
example I would have thought the same or rather it
surprises me no there is something that
escapes us you know beyond the interests
that are clear I would throw a
few months ago that then it came out to
regulate there is hand in the area some things that he
said
all that I don't remember I don't
have it at hand now but but I'll
tell you and Manuel Arias on another channel
came out to say that when they were filming
sálvame the last episodes they reached
a part of the story I don't
know I don't remember right now
exactly what part of the story it was
but it was something it was a part of the
history of Spain that you know that they were already around
the year 80 or 50 months Of course
in the 80s 90 it was
damaging the PSOE they started to tell
a story something about the ETA or something like that that was
damaging the PSOE a lot And then
someone from Spanish television said So much for
the series so much for
the series this is no longer such and
hand came out to the area saying I don't want
anything more from the public because this is what
that has public censorship I don't know what I
know how much and the next day he came out
asking for forgiveness hand to the area Because
someone would hit him Of course of course
and he came out and this well this for me that they
accepted it despite everything
that now we will talk about Ivan's thing no
that or rather what they have broadcast today they
have broadcast with knowledge of the
resolution in the autos because in those
autos that we will now talk about there is much
more information surely in four
papers than the entire documentary series already
but that a public network In this case
summarizing what has been ignored
a little bit in a
much lighter way evidently the
law is that it surprises me a lot because they
are touching the documentary they are taking
for granted Julius Caesar with the questions
we are talking about sexist violence We are talking
about a woman who tells her story of
abuse
[Music]
live that I hope to put Here we go I would
love to comment on it I
was going to tell you to ask Mimi
or someone if they are clicking that it will
surely have finished by now I
imagine it is almost 12 I imagine it will have
finished if you put
some clips for us now The  see okay
but let's go Paola says that I
trust Paula from what I see it wasn't like Francisco
Cordero what was missing was Carrasco the
one that all from what I see wasn't like so be
careful So how powerful
is that you say well let's see the question
just like the formula or Julio Otero what I was
going to tell you that of course seeing this
piece Okay now we're going to put another one that
now
okay perfect the question there's nothing
wrong with it Hey you went on television to
tell that you have suffered
gender violence Of course She went on TV to
tell that she
understands me Yes but I want to tell you she's been
telling me for a while but
this has lasted 40 minutes well please
if it wasn't brutal they are sending me
videos Paola send them to me privately
please or me or you upload it to your account and we
watch them while we comment on the
other things I'm going to put another one that
confirmed the call from Pedro Sánchez I can't take it
anymore how did we miss this
please that he confirmed that Pedro Sánchez
called her Well it's that you see it's that well she's
silly in the sense that there you
are I mean I want to tell you that there
we are  We already understand a little more everything,
not what we already knew, please,
I was understanding it from the
beginning, yes, yes, but come on, there's no more, it's supposed to
be
public television for all
citizens and for the rights of all
citizens. Antonio David would also be
a citizen who has his
rights,
right now, not publicly for television, that's
where what rights for television
where you put him, no, but I mean, he's not
a person that you can skip, his
presumption of innocence, let's
see, let's see, let's see, it
has stuck with me
when I became aware of what I
was about to do is when I
said, You have to get out of here and this has to be
known. When I became
aware of what I was about to
do is when I said, You have to
get out of here and this has to be known.
It's that this is a story that she is,
that this is a story that she creates,
okay, she, the story that she has created is that
since she has no evidence against Antonio Vi
of abuse, what she does is call
abuse when he criticizes her on
television for years, which is like, but a
situation of being a participant in that. And on top of that, you
start it.  you who are the judges have
made a fool of her of course and then what she
does is her problems with her daughter,
of course there is an episode on the part
of Rocío Flores that cannot be
justified of course but it is not
Antonio David's fault, well what she
does is like that beating or whatever it is, that
is like Antonio David
as if he had a Play controller, he
handles the girl and the one who hits her
through the girl and then the issue of
suicide, the supposed suicide, yes,
supposed suicide, which I also believe that
she did not create this whole story, we
know it is not worth it, well that she is the one who
reproduces it, let's say, but of course
this suicide attempt that Antonio says is
not like that, that it is a dizziness and that she
leaves the hospital on foot without being
discharged and so on,
look, you are an suicide attempt.
Why have I seen my daughter on Big Brother
defending the father, but let's see,
well the father is such a big brother, they
are not talking
Javi Sorry, she has shown in two years how
little she cares about her daughter,
she cares about her story,
her husband, yes, but we do not even care about
herself, yes  she has to take her first
objective in life is to take
Antonio David ahead of course
Whoever falls has to take
whoever it is, she takes them aunt for But of
course yes of course she herself
she wants the launch theme is
coming and the theme that she has but you
know the worst Javi that a person like that
can never be happy I know this is
a little cheesy but it is what what
I am left with is not nor has been nor will
be and That is her punishment
because it is what she has looked for for herself I see
on the networks let her be happy you
say my goodness If you knew how happy I
am and if you knew the reality of how
unhappy she and Javi are I know we ca
n't name this But you know
but let's go but so that people know
that we can't say it but what have I
sent you and on WhatsApp that you have freaked out
a little that we can't say it a nude
just kidding just kidding no no no no no no no no
no
but I didn't send you what I told you look look
[Music]